As everyone is here, I have something to announce.
What's going on? Over the years,
Our Dali Company is also a bit out of focus.
Now Yunlan can do it too. I decided to slowly hand over the company to Yun Lan.
I...this is too sudden.
The eldest brother just woke up. He should also be allowed to rest for a while.
good. Rigor is right.
Yunlan hasn't been in contact with the company's business for so long.
It's better to wait for the seriousness of the matter. All I thought was that I was the eldest son.
So Ma Zi doesn’t think about me just now,
I don’t even want to be small. dad,
You only know my abilities
Well, he is indeed my son
Who was Yun Lan who was taken away from the birthday party?
After a few journeys, I will never be able to watch it again.
Yunlan wants to join the company
The position naturally becomes
So you learned my position
What are you panicking about?
You just have a name in the company
You might as well abdicate and give way
That's what I say, but
Not suitable anymore
Excuse me, it’s not easy for you to listen to me